I think my culinary inspiration has got
to be my mother she always managed to
and still does to cook delicious food
while she was working has busy busy home
family live video bringing up children
but she managed to check at all and she
mad she managed to juggle it all and and
we always had lovely food at home and I
think I've ever took fighting for
granted when I was younger but now I see
here is being really my inspiration the
first thing I learned how to cook I
think has got to be buns or fairy cakes
we used to make those a lot when I was
younger and actually that's what I make
with my children now especially my
daughter who's three she just wants to
make buns every single day so it was
always baking I think the ultimate
comfort food from me has got to be roast
chicken mashed potato gravy I think it
is absolutely hugely important for
people to learn to cook for themselves
it's the most fundamental basic thing we
can do for ourselves it's the most
important thing with duper ourselves we
all have to eat three times a day it's
something I cannot I cannot stress
enough I think it's so important really
we are what we eat what we put into our
bodies makes such a difference
you